challenges/index.md, before:

---
title: HHV Challenges
layout: page
---

In addition to our hardware based challenges, we sometimes put together some logic puzzles that are rooted in the world of hardware. The advantage of these is they can be completed without real hardware. Either through simulation, signal analysis, or representations of hardware. Each challenge is different and offers a unique theme. Happy hacking!

* * *

## DEF CON 29 Challenge
Take a vacation to Hardware Hacking Island, home of the renowned Diodasaur Park. While you're there, help the team recover after a severe storm by solving a variety of hardware related challenges.

[DEF CON 29 Challenge](/challenges/dc29.html)

## Hackfest 2020 challenge
A new challenge released for Hackfest 2020. This is meant to be the 6th challenge in our HHV Challenge series.

[Hackfest 2020 Challenge](/challenges/hf2020.html)

## DEF CON 28 Challenge
This challenge consists of 5 parts that range in difficulty. It is not necessary to complete them in any specific order, but doing so might help with the progression between them. Additionally, each challenge has some related text that might be useful on the path to the solution.

[DEF CON 28 Challenge](/challenges/dc28.html)

Commit message:

HHV CTF DC30 updates (#46)
* add HHV pages and announcements for HHV CTF DC30
* add JLCPCB as a donor.
* update challenge text
* add instructions and reference material

challenges/index.md, after:

---
title: HHV Challenges
layout: page
---

In addition to our hardware based challenges, we sometimes put together some logic puzzles that are rooted in the world of hardware. The advantage of these is they can be completed without real hardware. Either through simulation, signal analysis, or representations of hardware. Each challenge is different and offers a unique theme. Happy hacking!

* * *

## DEF CON 30 Challenge
HHV Technologies, the inovation side of the Hardware Hacking Village, has been working hard on developing a new SOC, specifically for controlling electronic conference badges, called the HHVDC30. They provided us with a few "Badge" prototypes, and they're particularly proud of their new SAO power control functionality. They say this new chip design and DRM implementation should be perfect, but here in the hacking department, we're not so naive. Let's find some bugs and prove those arrogrants engineers wrong?

[DEF CON 30 Challenge](/challenges/dc30.html)

## DEF CON 29 Challenge
Take a vacation to Hardware Hacking Island, home of the renowned Diodasaur Park. While you're there, help the team recover after a severe storm by solving a variety of hardware related challenges.

[DEF CON 29 Challenge](/challenges/dc29.html)

## Hackfest 2020 challenge
A new challenge released for Hackfest 2020. This is meant to be the 6th challenge in our HHV Challenge series.

[Hackfest 2020 Challenge](/challenges/hf2020.html)

## DEF CON 28 Challenge
This challenge consists of 5 parts that range in difficulty. It is not necessary to complete them in any specific order, but doing so might help with the progression between them. Additionally, each challenge has some related text that might be useful on the path to the solution.

[DEF CON 28 Challenge](/challenges/dc28.html)
