events/bringtheotherhalf.md, before:

---
title: Bring the Other Half
layout: page
image: assets/images/header_logo.png
---

If you only have half of a project, what good is it? It has been said that software is eating the world; but how good is that software without the equally important half, the hardware? The HHV will be presenting you with a compiled firmware blob and your job will be to make something cool happen with that firmware.

The chipset that the binary is for is an ATMega 168. A beta version of a binary will be available in the next week or two. You have 3 months to plan, obtain, and assemble your hardware thing. More details about the firmware (including a beta version of it) will be released leading up to the CON. Final firmware will available to load on-site at the HHV and if there is interest online here. 

#### The scoring will be based on the following:
* Originality of device 
* Purpose and possible use of device
* The extent that is uses the firmware (more features used = greater value) 

As usual, any and all actions that impress the judges have the potential to cause exceptions and additional points.

Details will continue to be posted here. Check back for more information as DEF CON approaches.

Commit message:

Updates for July 11 (#44)
* Update robosumo.md

* Update index.md

* Add files via upload

Added hex file for bring the other half

* Update bringtheotherhalf.md

Added link to sample binary
updated text

* Update schedule.md

Adding village hours and event scheduling details.
Added venue map
Added table for events to be consistent.

events/bringtheotherhalf.md, after:

---
title: Bring the Other Half
layout: page
image: assets/images/header_logo.png
---

If you only have half of a project, what good is it? It has been said that software is eating the world; but how good is that software without the equally important half, the hardware? The HHV will be presenting you with a compiled firmware blob and your job will be to make something cool happen with that firmware.

The chipset that the binary is for is an ATMega 168. A beta version of [a binary is available](/assets/BringOtherHalfBeta.hex). Be aware that the sample may change over time, but the functionality of the pins will not change. You have 1 month remaining to plan, obtain, and assemble your hardware thing. Final firmware will available to load on-site at the HHV and if there is interest online here. 

[Sample Binary](/assets/BringOtherHalfBeta.hex)

#### The scoring will be based on the following:
* Originality of device 
* Purpose and possible use of device
* The extent that is uses the firmware (more features used = greater value) 

As usual, any and all actions that impress the judges have the potential to cause exceptions and additional points.

Details will continue to be posted here. Check back for more information as DEF CON approaches.
